hey tubby finally sheesh oh freakin time
yeah we got a legendary torch that's our
pearl ooh binary wonderless let's use
that because that's the shit right there
and see why this thing's pearl man this
thing is poof she's hardcore oops I
totally dropped it yeah it was a poor
little bastard you don't even know what
to do no get a cavity okay there's one
you got for me man Oh legendary order
there's another W so some of these guys
are spawning in the way they don't want
to do and so my mark i'm gerry reaper
there's another tubby you got
legendaries everywhere god damn it
around hey tubby what's up are you guys
I see something really funny watches ok
drop to pearl there's no to me Titan
class mom ok a pearl what father Wow
Toby's everywhere I dude this is the
merging their toes over because you know
we're in through your like four times in
the game tubby so now I'm just making it
happen now I'm just making the magic
happen daughter mother photos it's gonna
look amazing on the video tomorrow get
ready like what not wit tell everybody
I'll be like none of those ill gotten
gains its up tubby sneaking up on me
like that don't we're bros man juicy
carnage it's carnage is pretty juicy I
won't lock Jerry sickle Tubby's you guys
are so cool tubby tubby I love you so
much want to kill you and eat you for
lunch I've been working on that song for
weeks hope you guys like two packs dude
we're having some fun it's all this is
is fun this isn't anything i was just
like everything the spawns gonna be
Toby's
this guy the cup pops out of here let me
have a tubby
tubber's there are some berries I love
it it's the greatest day ever super
tubby Tom engine so we're calling it now
super Toby Tom engine I'm not going to
do this every week obviously I just did
this because they're being dicks not
spawning and I don't have enough time to
make it happen enough time for the magic
alright
like a Beca that's a nice one right
there well I mean not that area of it is
nice that they dropped a beka I don't
see to me Becca's get dropped eat though
the magine thank you dude evidence fuck
up your name thank you for coming to the
stream man and for hitting that follow
button watch this Tubby's everywhere
Toby's looking at flying out of this guy
it's raining tubbys up in here
surrounded by tubby motherfuckers Oh
some one of them not one of them didn't
say tell me for whatever reason same
thing what are you doing
lewd all over the place it's crazy
though you guys probably already knew
that I've done you guys I think you
don't know